product-inquiry	 any alternate product availabe,,What is this product ? What's the product ? What does this product do ? What is name of product ? What this product is all about? Can you tell me something about this product ? What are the product features ? Tell me feature of product. I need camera electronics items in site .I need a television. can you find product  cloth dress bags sunglass cooler teens brands wear accessories youth snow pants shirts shorts tops skirts bags belts Can you find ?
greeting	 hi hi. hello how are you ? hey . hows it going good morning good evening good afternoon howdy 
conversation-continue	 ok wow great oh is it ? oh ohh Thats great Good Really hmm lemme think hm hmmm hmmmmm
price-inquiry	 How much is the cost ? What's the price ? What's the cost ? How much is price? How much it costs ? price cost money how much. how much?
conversation-complete	 Thanks done that's all thats it. thats it I am done Thank you for information Thank. thanks. thank you. thanks nothing else thats it. Bye Goodbye.
store-finder	 Where is the store, which all store near me, where can i get these items in store, where is the nearest shop ,which is the nearest shop avaialable,closest shop, how can i get to the nearest shop, is there a map link to the nearest shop store, can you help me with the nearest shop store, Find my nearest store, Stores near me, store, find store, Store details. Find near store
order-status	where is my order,when my order will get delivered,expected delivery date of my order,order items when will i receive, where is the consignments now, can i track my order, tell me where is the order now,when is the delivery,courier when will i get. what is my order status, orders status, how long does the order take to delivery, any information on my last order,
customer-care	i need more help,can i get the customer care number,i need to speak with the suppport team,online support with customer care ,ASM team available? what is the contact number for customer care what is the email id of customer care, what is the phone number of customer care, what is the mobile number of customer care,can someone help me on phone
faq-delivery  Can you provide delivery policy, What is this site delivery policy? delivery options provided? Is free delivery supported? Can you shed some light on delivery options 
faq-return-policy Can you shed some light on return policy? what are the return policy? Can we return purchased product? Shipment return policy. 
faq-quality what are the quality standards followed by this site? quality of goods? Are the products sold here are of good quality? Shed some light on the product quality sold here.
faq-reset-password Can you assist with password reset? I have forgotten my password? Can you reset my password? Can you help with password reset.